PLAT-135307: Updates to add global handlers to React DOM tree root (#43)
enactjs/moonstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact moonstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Added

> - `agate/ThemeDecorator` config `rootId` to specify React DOM tree root for global event handlers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `moonstone/MoonstoneDecorator` config `rootId` to specify React DOM tree root for global event handlers
```
